License Types - Standard
Standard License EULA
VectorStock速 grants you a personal Single-seat, non-exclusive, non-transferable, license to use, edit, modify and reproduce vectors in the following ways:

Advertising, marketing and design, promotional graphics, broadcast TV, film or TVC, film commercials, flyers, brochures and catalogues - digital or hard copy. Website design. Promotional postcards, greeting cards and calendars. Books and book covers, product packaging, editorial in magazines and newspapers, general editorial and newsletters. Ebooks, screen savers and digital banner advertising. Posters and billboards. Sign writing, logo and branding design. Web and on-line digital publications. Software, gaming and computer GUI design, i.e. iPhone apps. If you wish to resale a product, which uses or contains our content you must purchase an Expanded License. If your print or production run will exceed 250,000 units you must purchase an Expanded License.
As a rule the content is not for available for use where the file in its current form is available for resale, or where by the file is transferred to another person or company as part of any transaction. For example you cannot download content edit elements and sell it in vector format. Content is strictly prohibited from being used where there is the potential for the file to be downloaded, copied in any way or extracted, reinstated or restored by a third party.
Any use of the content that is outside these specifications with-in will incur infringement of copyright proceedings.

Not permitted License Uses:

You may not use the content in any design template applications intended for resale on-line, hard copy or otherwise unless you purchase an Expanded license option. You may not incorporate the content directly in any product that will be available for re-distribution or re-use of the content (such as flash web sites, web templates etc) or is otherwise made available in a manner such that a person can extract or rip or reproduce the content in its electronic form.

Note: There are ways of encoding or locking digital files, this does not constitute securing the file from a third party in any way or exclude you from the above.

For clarity, you may not use the content directly in its original entirety in products for resale, license or other distribution, unless you purchase an Expanded license and the application is permitted under the Expanded license options.

Only you the purchaser are licensed to use the content, although you may transfer files containing content to your clients, printers, or ISP for the purpose of reproduction for permitted uses only, provided that such parties shall have no further or additional rights to use the content and cannot access or extract it from any file you provide. You may make ONE copy of the content for back-up purposes.

If there is any doubt as to a permitted use, please contact admin@vectorstock.com

The content must not be used in any obscene, immoral, infringing, defamatory nature, be involved in any material that may bring any person or property reflected or described in the content into disrepute or cause any legal action.
All content available on VectorStock速.com MAY NOT BE sub-licensed, re-sold, rented, lent, assigned, gifted, transferred or distribute in any vector based form.
The content must remain secure in your hands at all times, you must take reasonable steps to ensure the file is not exposed to any environment in-which it could be transferred, copied or stolen while in your possession. It MUST NOT be made available for distribution on any peer-to-peer network at any time. The EULA Standard or Expanded does not permit the use of any part of any purchased VectorStock速 content on a competing website or business in any media format, or in any situation that may be regarded as a conflict of interest between VectorStock速 and the end user and or their use of our content.

Note: This license may be updated from time to time to include relevant new and future media usage/applications. This agreement is retrospective and supersedes any previous versions or modifications. All users will be notified of major changes via email.